Update return.md (#2325)
python-discord/bot: bot/resources/tags/return.md

**Return Statement**

> A value created inside a function can't be used outside of it unless you `return` it.

Reviewer: Personally, I think this change makes it harder to understand what exactly a return statement is. My opinion is to revert this change

Author: The target audience for this tag are those who are so unfamiliar with programming that they do not know what a return statement is or does, and who may not be proficient in English. The expected use case is to resolve confusion when beginners print the result of the function's computation instead of returning it.

While there might be beginners who expect variables defined in the function to be written to the global scope (especially if there is already a variable with the same name), I think that needs to be a separate discussion, and there is indeed a separate scope tag. But I do not think dedicating an extra line to "Run this other command to get even more information" will inspire anyone to do that, and would instead cost vertical space towards eyes glazing over.

Reviewer 2: This sentence alone might not explain how `return` works, but it does point a beginner in the right direction. If they want something from inside a function, this motivates them to learn how `return` works.

Reviewer 3: I agree with @camcaswell, the point is to simplify usage for early beginners as much as possible.
And beginners usually have a sense of "hesitation" and/or "fear" when reading what something does, and we want to help build confidence & understanding in the simplest way.
This should help them get started just fine.

> Consider the following function:

Reviewer 3: How about we add a "scenario" here, which would be something like:
"Let's suppose we want to calculate the square of a given number and we want to use it later on. It would require having a function that calculates it then `return`s it to us for later usage"

Author: It's important that the tag be as brief as possible. What value do you think this additional text contributes when the code examples are already there?

Reviewer 3: For total beginners, code might not be an "obvious" thing. And I believe having context helps them better position themselves & understand it better

```py
def square(n):
    return n * n
```
If we wanted to store 5 squared in a variable called `x`, we would do:
`x = square(5)`. `x` would now equal `25`.

**Common Mistakes**

> ```py

Reviewer 3: Might help to enumerate the common mistakes here

Author: What change are you suggesting specifically?

Reviewer 3: I'm suggesting to make the separation of the common mistakes clearer by saying sth like:
- Common mistake 1:
...
- Common mistake 2:
...

Reviewer 4: I think the current way is good enough and more concise.

>>> def square(n):
...     n * n  # calculates then throws away, returns None
...
>>> x = square(5)
>>> print(x)
None
>>> def square(n):
...     print(n * n)  # calculates and prints, then throws away and returns None
...
>>> x = square(5)
25
>>> print(x)
None
```
**Things to note**  
• `print()` and `return` do **not** accomplish the same thing. `print()` will show the value, and then it will be gone.  

> • A function will return `None` if it ends without a `return` statement.  

Reviewer 3: I suggest to turn this into: `A function will ... if it doesn't have a `return` statement in it`
It doesn't necessarily need to end with it (even though it's not a good practice)

Author: I picked this wording carefully, because a function can have a `return` statement and still have an implicit `return None` if the return statement is never executed (ex, if the only return statement is in an if block that isn't entered). But we can hand-wave that away if others find my proposed wording confusing.

Reviewer 3: I agree with that, I just am afraid people will think that the return statement can only be at the end

> • When you want to print a value from a function, it's best to return the value and print the *function call* instead, like `print(square(5))`.  

Reviewer: I think the official documentation link should be kept

Author: I do not think anyone will actually click that link, and I do not think the target audience would find it helpful if they did. The official docs contains formal statements about the semantics of `return` wrt exception handling and generators, which I think would confuse the target audience, if anything.

Reviewer 2: I agree wtih Steele; the more basic a topic, the less useful a technical explanation will be to a beginner

> • When you want to print a value from a function, it's best to return the value and print the *function call* instead, like `print(square(5))`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• When you want to print a value from a function, it's best to return the value and print the *function call* instead, for example, `print(square(5))`.  
```

Author: I am indifferent to this change, but I would prefer "instead; for example," instead of "instead, for example".

Reviewer 2: I think "like" is fine, and prefer anything that is shorter

> • When you want to print a value from a function, it's best to return the value and print the *function call* instead, like `print(square(5))`.  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
• When you want to print a value from a function, it's best to return the value and print the *result of the function call* instead, like `print(square(5))`.  
```

Author: I don't think these extra words have added value given that an example immediately follows.

Reviewer 3: Sure, no need to change it
